what would happen if a man and a woman
get lost on a deserted island will they
despair or is it a chance for them to
fall in love today i will tell you what
happened in the movie blue lagoon the
awakening emma is an outstanding high
school student she is very open and
friendly everyone loves her dean is
emma's classmate but not like emma he is
lazy weird and introverted so his
classmates do not like him one day the
school held a spring tour the
destination was a small seaside town at
night emma and her friends attended a
party on the ship but the polices came
to check right while they were having
fun in the chaotic scene emma fell into
the water dean saw that he immediately
jumped down to save her
emma told him to take her to the ship
but earlier dean had smoked he was
afraid of being discovered he wanted to
wait for the police to leave first only
then they would return to the ship
unexpectedly the police ordered the ship
to return to the shore immediately the
only thing they were able to do was
watch the ship leaving at this moment it
was raining heavily and a sudden wave
came towards them
when they regained consciousness they
found themselves floating in the middle
of nowhere dean pulled out his phone to
call for help but his phone was soaked
emma's phone has no signal the two of
them intended to find help from the
passing ships they waited but they
didn't even see a bird around the damn
place then emma discovered that an
island was not far away after arriving
on the island the two hoped to find a
hotel however after a few hours of
searching desperately they discovered
that this is an uninhabited island emma
was a bit frightened she decided to
return to the place where they arrived
earlier and went back using the lifeboat
when the two returned the lifeboat was
already swept away by the sea their hope
was gone nobody knew where they are how
could they be rescued back at the hotel
the teacher was checking attendance when
he found out that two people were
missing they quickly informed the police
as well as emma's parents and dean's
father the three of them arrived at the
airport very quickly they were prepared
to go to the small town on the deserted
island it was getting dark fortunately
emma had brought some food with her when
she left after the two of them finished
eating they intended to sleep for a
night and wait for tomorrow morning to
think of another plan
by the second day still no one came to
find them their phones are running low
on battery while being helpless they
thought of the worst-case scenario and
planned to survive on the island first
then waited for their parents to come to
find them for the next few days when
they were hungry they ate fruit on the
island to avoid the rain they set up a
simple tent emma is still trying to look
for help she wrote a very large s.o.s
sign on the sand she believed that her
parents will definitely come to save her
on the other hand dean was very
pessimistic because things between him
and his father were not going well he
also didn't have any friends so he
thought that no one would find him but
he did not expect that his father was
always looking for him the police were
searching everywhere but still they
didn't see any sign of them dean's
father even rented a helicopter and he
was looking for them every day after a
month the police gave up but emma's
parents did not they believed their
beloved daughter was still alive after
spending a lot of time with dean emma
discovered that he was not actually a
weirdo he was just a little bit cold but
very handsome she often sneakily took
glances at him that day they discovered
a body on the sand emma terrified she
was afraid she would die on that crappy
island dean comforted her but at that
point it was not enough to help the girl
feel better they had sex for the first
time all night long guess what it was
wild
the next day when emma woke up she
couldn't see dean anywhere after a
moment she found him digging a hole he
was preparing to bury the other skeleton
then he told emma about his mother when
he was a child he went to see a football
match on the way home he was being
naughty with his mother consequently the
car lost control and they have had an
accident when he regained consciousness
his mother was dead dean felt very
regretful he did not attend his mother's
funeral that was the biggest regret in
his entire life after his mother passed
away he became very self-contained and
quiet in the third month while climbing
a tree to look for food dean heard the
sound of a plane he ran to the sand
intended to fire the signal gun for help
but now he discovered that the signal
gun was gone he can only watch the plane
flew away they were extremely
disappointed they sat on the sand and
talked some cheesy stuff at this time
they heard strange sounds dean stood up
to take a look he discovered a black
panther he used a knife to kill it they
could finally eat some meat for a long
time after that the two of them had sex
nonstop every day they always hoped that
someone would find them after searching
for three months their parents also
believed that emma and dean was dead
that day while the two of them were
resting under a tree they found the lost
item falling down from somewhere they
looked up found the monkeys stole their
signal guns and sunscreen after several
months they heard the sound of
helicopters again dean quickly took a
gun and shot into the sky it was a
sightseeing helicopter the two were
finally rescued when they returned a lot
of people interviewed them reporters do
not know how did they manage to survive
on a deserted island but after they have
returned to their normal life emma
deliberately evaded dean for no reason
he was very sad but he did not give up
during the party dean dressed in his
father's suit and was standing in the
rain emma fell in love with him the
movie has a beautiful ending but after
watching the movie i have a big question
mark they had sex with no condoms like a
thousand times how in the world did the
girl not get pregnant is it magic if not
there could be sad news for the guy